Question 1: Open your terminal and start by displaying the current working directory.
pwd then Enter.

Question 2: List all files and directories in your current directory.
ls -a then Enter.

Question 3: Navigate to your home directory.
cd ~ then Enter.

Question 4: Create a new directory named "documents" in your home directory.
mkdir documents then Enter.

Question 5: Change your current directory to the "documents" directory.
cd documents/ then Enter.

Question 6: Create a new file named "report.txt" in the "documents" directory.
touch report.txt then Enter.

Question 7: Display the contents of the "report.txt" file.
cat report.txt then Enter.

Question 8: Append the text "This is a sample report." to the "report.txt" file.
echo "This is a sample report." >> report.txt then Enter.

Question 9: List all files and directories in the "documents" directory.
ls -a then Enter.

Question 10: Rename the "report.txt" file to "monthly_report.txt" within the "documents" directory.
mv report.txt monthly_report.txt then Enter.

Question 11: Create a new directory named "backup" within the "documents" directory.
mkdir backup then Enter.

Question 12: Move the "monthly_report.txt" file into the "backup" directory.
mv report.txt then Enter.

Question 13: Change your current directory back to your home directory.
cd ~ then Enter.

Question 14: Display the full path to the "backup" directory.
pwd then Enter.

Question 15: List all files and directories in the "backup" directory using an absolute path.
ls -a then Enter.

Question 16: Delete the "backup" directory and its contents.
rm backup then Enter.

Question 17: Search for all files in your home directory that contain the word "important."
ls -a important.

Question 18: Display the 5 lines of the "monthly_report.txt" file.
cat monthly_report.txt then Enter.

Question 19: Count the number of files and directories in your home directory.
Five.

Question 20: Logout of your current terminal session.
Close terminal then return back to profile.
